Explain where to upload .ttf font files (#1133)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/display/index.rst

at **any** size! Granted the reason for it is actually not having to worry about the licensing of font files :)

To use fonts you first have to define a font object in your ESPHome configuration file. Just grab

> a ``.ttf`` file from somewhere on the internet and upload it to the ESPHome root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a ``.ttf`` file from somewhere on the internet and place it, for example,
inside a `fonts` folder next to your configuration file.
```

Author: `place` is double here?
> place, for example, place

==> ... and place it e.g., inside a `fonts` folder ...

Reviewer: right 🤕 
Fixed 🩹

at **any** size! Granted the reason for it is actually not having to worry about the licensing of font files :)

To use fonts you first have to define a font object in your ESPHome configuration file. Just grab
a ``.ttf`` file from somewhere on the internet and place it, for example,

> inside a `fonts` folder next to your configuration file.

Reviewer: Meh this isn't Markdown 😓 

```suggestion
inside a ``fonts`` folder next to your configuration file.
```

at **any** size! Granted the reason for it is actually not having to worry about the licensing of font files :)

To use fonts you first have to define a font object in your ESPHome configuration file. Just grab

> a ``.ttf`` file from somewhere on the internet and upload it to the ``config/esphome`` folder.

Reviewer: The `config/esphome` folder is very specific for Home Assistant installation of a certain type (e.g., Home Assistant OS and Supervised), and thus does not apply to all other users.

Can we change the wording to avoid that?

    display:
      # ...

You can organise your fonts by using subfolders.

> I.e., if you created a ``_fonts`` subfolder, reference the font file as follows:

Reviewer: Why not just update the example on line 143?

Author: That would assume everyone's using a fonts subfolder?
This folder isn't present by default, so new people might be confused when they don't find the folder.

Reviewer: > That would assume everyone's using a fonts subfolder?

No? It is an example, showing it uses a path. Please adjust the above example instead. (there is no reason to have multiple examples to show "how paths work". The goal is to make clear it is a path that is accepted.

      # ...

> If you created a ``fonts`` subfolder, reference the font file as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe we should just adjust the example above to have a subfolder by default.

Author: For the sake of keeping everything organised, I'd definitely use subfolders for fonts etc.
Maybe `_fonts` is even better than `fonts` ?

Reviewer: > Maybe _fonts is even better than fonts ?

Why?

Author: It could work as a visual aid. Also keeps the folders up top in the explorer window.

Reviewer: Let's not try to outsmart or think for other people. The effect of doing such stuff, is that it raises the "Why?" question with our readers, just as I just had to ask.
